From:	...
Sent:	Monday, September 28, 2015 11:42
To:	...
Subject:	FWIW: Browser Javascript Console and Reqular Expressions
Attachments:	JavaScript Console Example Code.pdf; 01 Page Area of Interest.jpg; 02 HTML 
Class.jpg; 03 Console JavaScript and Result.jpg


This may not be of use to you now but it's good to be aware of ways in which browser developer tools 
can be used as well as the value of regular expressions in coding. You may just want to file this away for 
future reference.

I've had a lull at work so I started a JavaScript project to get back into a little programming. Part of it 
involves populating a series of dropdown menus (HTML "select" inputs) from a list of NFL teams to set 
up a slate of games. The next progression was to get the slate of games directly from the ESPN NFL 
game listing page so I didn't have to use the select inputs to set up each game manually. That's where 
browser console comes into play since, for security, JavaScript does not work between my web page 
domain and the ESPN domain. 

The procedure is to go to the NFL game page (01 Page Area of Interest) and use the browser's developer 
tools (Firebug extension is great if using Firefox).  In the developer tools select something like "Inspect 
Element"  to identify the section of the page of interest to  get the class name for the element 
surrounding the text of interest in the page's HTML(02 HTML Class.png)
     Select the console in the developer tools , paste in the code, and hit Run; the output will be a list of 
teams taken from the text enclosed by the elements using the class identified above.
     The original output included 2 or 3 letter codes which I stripped out using regular expressions except 
in the case of the Giants and Jets. In those two cases I use the letter codes to append 'Giants' or 'Jet's to 
distinguish between the two New York teams.
     I also added code to format the list as an array  so that it can just be pasted into a JavaScript file that 
will be used to set up the game pairings.
     The console output for the code sample is a list of teams listed in the order they appear for games on 
the page (03 Console JavaScript and Result).
     I've include the annotated code in the PDF along with references for more information. (The Mozilla 
Developer Network referenced therein is one of the top resources for HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.)

Hope this is useful to some degree...
